Add an XML linker config file to a library (#17425)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/host-and-deploy/blazor/configure-linker.md

</linker>
```

For more information, see [Link xml file examples (mono/linker GitHub repository)](https://github.com/mono/linker#link-xml-file-examples).

## Add an XML linker configuration file to a library

> Embed an XML linker configuration file into a library as an embedded resource in the library's project file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the linker for a specific library, add an XML linker configuration file into the library as an embedded resource. The embedded resource must have the same name as the assembly.
```
